readme.md, before:

## Mobile Cloud Application development


The simple online based demostration of mobile cloud application development.

### Contents:

1. Mobile application - Native Android development. The application takes
user credential and communicates a remote server via REST API to verify the
user.

2. Server Application - NodeJS. The server exposes one REST API that takes
user credential via HTTP POST method, verifies the user and return a message.

3. Bluemix Based Server Application : NodeJS. The previous server side ready for
NodeJS on Bluemix.

4. The slides associated with Youtube videos.


### Links

1. Full Playlist : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

2. Introduction : https://youtu.be/94u5Q54Axzg?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

3. Part 1 - What is mobile cloud development and why do you need it? : https://youtu.be/E4IRq-e7bzY

4. Part 2 - What are the basic components of mobile cloud development? : https://youtu.be/hhA1k7ScCfM

5. Part 3 - Android Native Client : https://youtu.be/h-S93xiEKIQ?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

6. Part 3 - Server in NodeJS : https://youtu.be/gh57gdSIzE8?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

### Further reading

Please consult the further_reading.odp file in the lectures folder for other useful links
on different topics.

Commit message:

Two links for advanced parts added

readme.md, after:

## Mobile Cloud Application development


The simple online based demostration of mobile cloud application development.

### Contents:

1. Mobile application - Native Android development. The application takes
user credential and communicates a remote server via REST API to verify the
user.

2. Server Application - NodeJS. The server exposes one REST API that takes
user credential via HTTP POST method, verifies the user and return a message.

3. Bluemix Based Server Application : NodeJS. The previous server side ready for
NodeJS on Bluemix.

4. The slides associated with Youtube videos.


### Links

1. Full Playlist : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

2. Introduction : https://youtu.be/94u5Q54Axzg?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

3. Part 1 - What is mobile cloud development and why do you need it? : https://youtu.be/E4IRq-e7bzY

4. Part 2 - What are the basic components of mobile cloud development? : https://youtu.be/hhA1k7ScCfM

5. Part 3 - Android Native Client : https://youtu.be/h-S93xiEKIQ?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

6. Part 3 - Server in NodeJS : https://youtu.be/gh57gdSIzE8?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

7. Advanced 1 - Creating application in Bluemix : https://youtu.be/Ld_bAWyIBH0?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn

8. Advanced 2 - Deploying code to Bluemix app : https://youtu.be/Yc2PZlnnuOY?list=PLIhrPGqyfMrjtY2ul21FVudVJ714bfuRn


### Further reading

Please consult the further_reading.odp file in the lectures folder for other useful links
on different topics.
